In this iteration we began to implement a few of the core features. We focused on two aspects of the code.
The first was integrating with Hibernate, and figuring out how to use it. We now have Hibernate integrated 
with our code, although we are still searching for the right database solution. There is not a supported
Hibernate configuration for SQLite, which would have been the obvious choice. We are now looking at H2
and HSQLDB. The other part we focused on was getting the GUI started. This involved getting JPedal,
our PDF library, working, as well as writing the Swing components. We have JPedal working in its
basic functionality, and can render PDFs to preview. The first GUI component we started working on was
the Import Dialog box. This is also working in a basic way, although the view does not have a lot of the
associated control it will eventually have (for example, a button will know it's pressed, but not interact
with the model yet).

For iteration 4, we will have full integration between the model and GUI, and have all of the basic GUI
elements working. This means that a user will be able to import a file, add tags to it, then view
it in the reader. This will require a working database with Hibernate. Having a working database
will also allow us to get searching and filtering by tags done pretty easily. We will also begin to
work on full text searching of a PDF, and do some preliminary research on RSS integration.

For iteration 5, we will add bookmarking functionality and expand our supported file formats to other 
text files. We will continue our work on full text searching, and the goal is to have at least a naive
search algorithm in place. Some RSS reading functionality will be coded, but not necessarily passing
tests yet. We will also polish the GUI to provide a more user friendly format. Finally, we will allow the
user to mark a directory to be watched, and Biblio will automatically import any new files in supported
formats added to that directory.

For iteration 6, we will RSS reading and full-text searching fully implemented. The user will be able to bookmark
PDFs and other text files. Depending on the state of the project, we will also try to provide support for
ebook files (such as MOBI or EPUB).
